* * 3p-frame block
* * 3p-script block
accounts.spotify.com * 3p-script noop
alpha.reddit.com * 3p-script noop
alpha.wallhaven.cc * 3p-script noop
bandcamp.com * 3p-script noop
classroom.google.com * 3p-script noop
classroom.udacity.com youtube.com * block
classroom.udacity.com ytimg.com * block
console.firebase.google.com * 3p-script noop
contacts.google.com * 3p-script noop
dashboard.heroku.com * 3p-script noop
discussions.udacity.com * 3p-script noop
drive.google.com * 3p-script noop
github.com * 3p-script noop
horriblesubs.info * 3p-frame noop
horriblesubs.info * 3p-script noop
material.io * 3p-script noop
myanimelist.net * 3p-script noop
nyaa.si * 3p-script noop
open.spotify.com * 3p-script noop
play.google.com * 3p-script noop
store.steampowered.com * 3p-script noop
trello.com * 3p-script noop
twitter.com * 3p-script noop
web.facebook.com * 3p-script noop
web.facebook.com fbcdn.net * noop
www.facebook.com * 3p-script noop
www.gog.com * 3p-script noop
www.goodreads.com * 3p-script noop
www.google.com * 3p-script noop
www.humblebundle.com * 3p-frame noop
www.humblebundle.com * 3p-script noop
www.lazada.com.ph * 3p-script noop
www.reddit.com * 3p-script noop
www.redditgifts.com * 3p-script noop
www.youtube.com * 3p-script noop
